feat: add transformer qa executor (#7)
jina-ai/executor-text-transformerqa: README.md

# TransformerQAExecutor

> **TransformerQAExecutor** wraps a question-answering model from huggingface. Given some questions and paragraphs/contexts, it extracts the relevant answers from the given paragraphs/contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TransformerQAExecutor** wraps a question-answering model from Hugging Face. Given some questions and paragraphs/contexts, it extracts the relevant answers from the given paragraphs/contexts.
```

Author: Addressed in [this](https://github.com/jina-ai/executor-text-transformerqa/pull/7/commits/d357cee3b93a638d7189da5452209e5cc08cc1f1) commit.

> **TransformerQAExexecutor** receives [`Document`s](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/document/) where each `Document`'s `text` is the question, and its `matches`'s texts are the contexts/paragraphs where answers will be extracted from.

Reviewer: Not sure on this hierarchy.

Shouldn't the main doc be the context and the chunks be questions?

Reviewer: Or main doc is context and `.tags['question']` is where we store the question

Author: Addressed.

## Usage

Use the prebuilt images from Jina Hub in your Flow:

```python
from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerQAExecutor')

doc = Document(
    content='what is the color of an apple?',
    matches=[
        Document(text='Apple is a pome fruit that is red in color.'),
        Document(text='Banana is yellow.')
    ]
)

with f:
    doc = f.search(inputs=doc, return_results=True).docs[0]
```

> After search, to get let's say the top 1 answer, paragraph where top 1 answer is extracted from and the confidence score of the top 1 answer:

Reviewer: This sentence is too long and confusing. Clarify and split it up.

Author: Addressed.

```python
# Top 1 match
match = doc.matches[0]
answer = match.text
paragraph = match.tags['paragraph']
confidence = match.scores['confidence'].value
```

### Use other pre-trained models
By default, the `TransformerQAExecutor` uses the `bert-large-uncased-whole-word-masking-finetuned-squad`.

You can use other models by specifying the `model_name` parameter:

```python
from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder',
    uses_with={'model_name': 'distilbert-base-cased-distilled-squad'}
)
```
You can check the supported pre-trained models [here](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=question-answering&sort=downloads).

By default, the name of the tokenizer that `TransformerQAExecutor` uses will be the same the model provided. 

You may use your own tokenizer by specifying the `tokenizer_name` parameter:

```python
from jina import Flow, Document

f = Flow().add(
    uses='jinahub+docker://TransformerTorchEncoder',
    uses_with={'tokenizer_name': 'distilbert-base-cased-distilled-squad'}
)
```

### Use GPUs
To enable GPU, you can set the `device` parameter to a cuda device.

> Make sure your machine is cuda-compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your machine is CUDA-compatible and that you've installed all the required libraries and drivers.
```

Author: Addressed.
